is so much more raw and gritty and real
I think it's because I see a vibrant
piece of fear that's modernized but also
so connected to what Shakespeare I think
intended for this piece I think that
people should come see the show because
it's funny not grandma's cup of tea body
dangerous he was doing crazy outlandish
stuff overly sexual sexy crazy kids
doing crazy thing what did I get to turn
their cell phones on off when the show
start I am a little nervous to see how
the audience and as their interaction
goes it's not every day you see who goes
on in a drag nightclub how do you think
shaker woodfield music see the show he
probably hated said that Shakespeare was
this really crazy off-the-wall guy who
would have loved this kind of stuff it's
in today's side here's how this works
for us and here's what it would say if
in the cultural agency I now do you find
yourself is I think it's something that
a lot of people connect relate to
explore the deep recesses of all the
places that we want to hide from
everybody else